here's one for the record books you
ain't ever gonna see this one I'm the
only one who has one of these colors I
don't remember the whole story i think i
was told this was like a head the collar
out as a fluke they were doing like a
masterbuilder song this is walnut brown
2010 it was made November 9th our telly
Custom Classic this has the four way
switch in the humbucker or not the
humbucker to know caster how to pick up
here and this is the 63 twisted towie
has 95 radius 6105 frats it's a big
u-shaped neck it's a fat neck its back
these are unreal now this color is like
unreal cause white pickguard has a
four-way here is that new switching they
got this is the brass bridge that's
chrome-plated what stainless steel
saddles that chrome plated but i'll just
you'll see in the pictures it's kind of
hard to film it it's just walnut brown
please great unplugged
you know but i always go see a lot of
cancers I see all I can I better go to a
concert to stay home you know I really
don't listen that person or girl
whatever concerts fun ah but I seen two
people recently Sheryl Crow last monday
maybe front row and her guitar player
had one of these two thousand you know
ten leaven of New Delhi's with the
flatter radius before we switch him but
he's pickups are what's making it and I
see the N Ryan's guitar player a lot of
reasons 69 rieber going straight into a
rich ecotype cornford cab
Oh
mmm
game
you
combination
walnut brown seven and three-quarter
pounds exactly it weighs that's a good
way you're never going to get seven half
pounds sevens recorders they're lightly
this is a for a new guitar look at that
neck big profile neck in person has a
white pickguard but this has it like
that comes into a black case with the
fender custom shop embroider in the back
on the case candy the original box 95
radius big frets great combo pumps